# Chapter 1 - A First Look at Decentralized Apps
---

## General Comments
* External References  
  -there are references to sites like Openbazaar and other entities. If possible, add these to a bibliography at the end
    - for ePub, pdf and other electronic  formats, make these inline links eg. Openbazaar (link)
    - for the physical text, a resource reference sheet or set of links at the end might work very well.
* The description of the Remix UI and its functions was excellent
  *  The description of the color coding was very important
  *  I think the reader could benefit from a better understanding of what an address is and its representation as what looks like a hex string. I was originally confused by whether it was a 'location on the internet' or a wallet identifier.
* Additional IDE references
  *  It would be useful to give the reader options for other IDEs/Editors that can be used to write solidity contracts.
  *  I am not sure if doing this in this chapter is the right thing, but at some point a tour of the tooling is critical. One of the biggest barriers to adoption can be the tooling and it is good to know early on what the options, benefits, drawbacks etc. are of the different options

## Specific Line Item Comments

* Page 2 - 'What if the rules ~~suspending~~  escrowing  and then releasing the money transfer where encoded in logic, not subjected to manual interaction? ...''
  - If money is not really suspended but rather it is held back till delivery then I would recommend using the word  'escrowing'. There might be a better word for this though but this is what I would think of it as.


* Page 3 - Definition of Centralized Application : A centralized application or system is controlled by a single or central entity: *an individual*, a company, an institution, a governmental agency.  
    - add individual to the list of controllers of applications


* Page 3 - Definition of Centralized Application : A centralized application or system is controlled by a single or central entity: *an individual*, a company, an institution, a governmental agency.  
      - add individuals to the list

* Page 26 - The line "You can see it by clicking on the “Copy Address” button." is not clear. I looked for this button on the interface and could not find it. You might want to put an image of it.
