
# Chapter 1 - How machine learning applies to business automation
---
  What an introduction. A very good chapter that was gripping and threw out more nuggets than it addressed. I can tell I am going to enjoy this already.
  Excellent approach to addressing the challenges of business to change is superb. While I agree with the challenges of getting companies and groups to change I think a mention of the challenges of appropriate design of systems is fair game. It rounds out the claim, at the least

  ## Highlights
  * A perfectly gentle introduction to ML and the concepts of features, hypothesis functions and what it means to make a decision
  * Calling out the key challenges as not being technical but rather getting management/risk to buy into what is new

  ## Improvement
  * There is a correlation between certain dimensions of people's cultural upbringing (and by extension companies resulting cultures) that should also be pointed out.
    * Degree of Risk Aversion - companies that are traditionally conservative in action may resist making changes despite the opportunity (or danger) to their businesses because ML is new and unfamiliar.
    * Power Distance factors  - As a change agent, management might resent the fact that they did not propose the change (because they have all the answers and tend to behave in a paternalistic way) resulting in headwinds to the change.

  * I hope you will provide some examples in the book of how to identify opportunities to use ML. It seems to me that many of these tend to be simple opportunities to re-engineer processes.

  * I hope you can also address the question of framing a situation as being viable for machine learning to help in the automation of a business process.
    * framing problems as binary categorical decisions, multi-class categorical decisions or continuous numeric decisions is one way
    * another way to frame the role for ML may be in terms of how the decision data domain can be transformed into another domain to better aid decision making (by a human or by the algorithm)
  * A powerful point is the question of improving productivity by ELIMINATING processes (and the decisions that come with them.) this is underestimated and can be highlighted more.
