# Chapter 2 - Should you send a purchase order to a technical approver?
---
* Explainability - Key point that is pointed out here. Part of the business selling process for change is the ability to explain the reason and methods of a change to get buy in.

* In 2.6 you are essentially doing a dimensionality reduction. Do you think that calling it that will only complicate it for the reader ? I suppose thinking of them as dimensions is more mathematical. How about feature reduction ?

* In 2.8 listing - believe it or not, some people will not see where you are getting your 70%. I recommend explaining that by setting test data to 30% then 70% automatically goes into training data

* sorry to nitpick - as a business focused book, I suggest clarifying acronyms. CSV is not obvious to many business people I talk to. Some actually think it is a convenience store with an attached pharmacy :-).

* Keyboard shortcuts: please include for Mac. (CMD+Enter)
* Jargon alert : hyperparameter . It is a very cool word but it means nothing to the business user. I suggest defining it right there or link to a footnote or add to a glossary/appendix of terms. Similarly for words like endpoint, try-except block, dataframe, instance (as in notebook instance),

* Thanks for the money saving tip to avoid charges for running notebooks. I routinely run notebooks for weeks on my laptop but I never thought about the effect in an environment like Sagemaker. It could get pricy..

* I would suggest a statement at the end of what the next step would be - verify accuracy and thinking about operational deployment (perhaps in a phased approach, or doing a showcase of its capabilities in the company, or a lunch and learn ... just thinking out loud.)
